README.md, before:

# dlhd-proxy 🚀

This is a fork of a self-hosted IPTV proxy built with [Reflex](https://reflex.dev), enabling you to watch over 1,000 📺 TV channels and search for live events or sports matches ⚽🏀. Stream directly in your browser 🌐 or through any media player client 🎶. You can also download the entire playlist (`playlist.m3u8`) and integrate it with platforms like Jellyfin 🍇 or other IPTV media players.

---

## ✨ Features

- **📱 Stream Anywhere**: Watch TV channels on any device via the web or media players.
- **🔎 Event Search**: Quickly find the right channel for live events or sports.
- **📄 Playlist Integration**: Download the `playlist.m3u8` and use it with Jellyfin or any IPTV client.
- **🗓️ XMLTV Guide**: Access scheduling information at `guide.xml` for use with media servers like Jellyfin.
- **✅ Channel Filtering**: Select which channels appear in the playlist and generated guide.
- **🕒 Daily Guide Updates**: Automatically refresh `guide.xml` once per day at a user-defined time.
- **⚙️ Docker-First Hosting**: Run the application using Docker or Docker Compose with flexible configuration options.

---

## 🐳 Docker Installation (Required)

> ⚠️ **Important:** When exposing the application on your local network (LAN), set `API_URL` in your `.env` file to the **local IP address** of the server hosting the container.

1. Install Docker and Docker Compose.
2. Clone the repository and change into the project directory.
3. Start the application with Docker Compose:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

To run with plain Docker:

```bash
docker build -t dlhd-proxy .
docker run -p 3000:3000 dlhd-proxy
```

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Variables

- **PORT**: Set a custom port for the server.
- **API_URL**: Set the domain or IP where the server is reachable.
- **SOCKS5**: Proxy DLHD traffic through a SOCKS5 server if needed.
- **PROXY_CONTENT**: Proxy video content itself through your server (optional).
- **TZ**: Timezone used for schedules and guide generation (e.g., `America/New_York`).
- **GUIDE_UPDATE**: Daily time (`HH:MM`) to refresh `guide.xml`.

Edit the `.env` for docker compose.

### Example Docker Command
```bash
docker build --build-arg PROXY_CONTENT=FALSE --build-arg API_URL=https://example.com --build-arg SOCKS5=user:password@proxy.example.com:1080 -t dlhd-proxy .
docker run -e PROXY_CONTENT=FALSE -e API_URL=https://example.com -e SOCKS5=user:password@proxy.example.com:1080 -p 3000:3000 dlhd-proxy
```

---

## 🗺️ Site Map

### Pages Overview:

- **🏠 Home**: Browse and search for TV channels.
- **📺 Live Events**: Quickly find channels broadcasting live events and sports.
- **📥 Playlist Download**: Download the `playlist.m3u8` file for integration with media players.

---

## 📚 Hosting Options

Check out the [official Reflex hosting documentation](https://reflex.dev/docs/hosting/self-hosting/) for more advanced self-hosting setups!

Commit message:

Improve channel layout and persist selections

README.md, after:

# dlhd-proxy 🚀

This is a fork of a self-hosted IPTV proxy built with [Reflex](https://reflex.dev), enabling you to watch over 1,000 📺 TV channels and search for live events or sports matches ⚽🏀. Stream directly in your browser 🌐 or through any media player client 🎶. You can also download the entire playlist (`playlist.m3u8`) and integrate it with platforms like Jellyfin 🍇 or other IPTV media players.

---

## ✨ Features

- **📱 Stream Anywhere**: Watch TV channels on any device via the web or media players.
- **🔎 Event Search**: Quickly find the right channel for live events or sports.
- **📄 Playlist Integration**: Download the `playlist.m3u8` and use it with Jellyfin or any IPTV client.
- **🗓️ XMLTV Guide**: Access scheduling information at `guide.xml` for use with media servers like Jellyfin.
- **✅ Channel Filtering**: Select which channels appear in the playlist and generated guide.
- **🕒 Daily Guide Updates**: Automatically refresh `guide.xml` once per day at a user-defined time.
- **⚙️ Docker-First Hosting**: Run the application using Docker or Docker Compose with flexible configuration options.

---

## 🐳 Docker Installation (Required)

> ⚠️ **Important:** When exposing the application on your local network (LAN), set `API_URL` in your `.env` file to the **local IP address** of the server hosting the container.

1. Install Docker and Docker Compose.
2. Clone the repository and change into the project directory.
3. Start the application with Docker Compose:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

   The compose file mounts a local `data/` directory into the container so that
   channel selections saved through the UI persist across rebuilds.

To run with plain Docker:

```bash
docker build -t dlhd-proxy .
docker run -p 3000:3000 dlhd-proxy
```

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Variables

- **PORT**: Set a custom port for the server.
- **API_URL**: Set the domain or IP where the server is reachable.
- **SOCKS5**: Proxy DLHD traffic through a SOCKS5 server if needed.
- **PROXY_CONTENT**: Proxy video content itself through your server (optional).
- **TZ**: Timezone used for schedules and guide generation (e.g., `America/New_York`).
- **GUIDE_UPDATE**: Daily time (`HH:MM`) to refresh `guide.xml`.

Edit the `.env` for docker compose.

### Channel Selection Persistence

Custom channel selections are stored in `data/selected_channels.json`. This
directory is mounted as a Docker volume, so the preferences persist when the
container is rebuilt or updated.

### Example Docker Command
```bash
docker build --build-arg PROXY_CONTENT=FALSE --build-arg API_URL=https://example.com --build-arg SOCKS5=user:password@proxy.example.com:1080 -t dlhd-proxy .
docker run -e PROXY_CONTENT=FALSE -e API_URL=https://example.com -e SOCKS5=user:password@proxy.example.com:1080 -p 3000:3000 dlhd-proxy
```

---

## 🗺️ Site Map

### Pages Overview:

- **🏠 Home**: Browse and search for TV channels.
- **📺 Live Events**: Quickly find channels broadcasting live events and sports.
- **📥 Playlist Download**: Download the `playlist.m3u8` file for integration with media players.

---

## 📚 Hosting Options

Check out the [official Reflex hosting documentation](https://reflex.dev/docs/hosting/self-hosting/) for more advanced self-hosting setups!
